welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna take a modern look at a
story that is a timeless classic with
the 2014 film
wolf cop to connect with your inner
beast subscribe to the channel
let's get to it we open a little
sequence that shows a man running and
the implications of some sort of
satanic ritualistic hunting going on but
then we hard transition to a traditional
bachelor's pad in which the deputy
sheriff lou
starts the morning with a little hair of
the dog and what i would call an
un-breakfast before heading into work
through these fast cuts narrated by the
local morning disc jockeys we learned
that amidst a mayoral race there's an
upcoming drink and shoot hunting event
and that lots of local pets have
recently gone missing none of which is
completely surprising as the citizens of
this town get day drunk and beat each
other senseless
while demonstrating not a lake of
respect for authority lou finally
arrives two hours late to relieve tina
from the night shift and finds the chief
on edge about a recent string of armed
robberies
as penance lou was immediately sent out
to address a disturbance call made by
willie higgins he's looking for someone
with whom he can share his conspiracy
theories about how the local kids are
performing satanic rituals on the local
pet population
the evidence however is brushed off as
mere superficial adornments created by
the local metalheads
after all this hard work he turns in for
a lunch break and while here we meet
terry
the idealistic mayoral challenger
looking to clean up the town
however his messaging does not translate
well to a crowd of scumbags and they run
him off
that night lou finds himself on a new
assignment deep in the woods
where he usually only goes to masturbate
so you know he's keyed up with no
specific location provided he's forced
to wander in the wilderness
and eventually comes across terry
hanging from a tree before he then
passes out he wakes up like so many
mornings with no recollection of how the
prior evening ended but through his
powerful investigative instincts he
finds some evidence to
follow outside he is inundated with
sounds and smells as he heads off to
another call the scene is poor terry
dead in a ditch with a needle in his arm
the observance of which initiates
flashbacks for luke bob shows up and
uses terry's crotch as a coffee trait
but keeping it profesh he declines to
presume a cause of death until
after the autopsy while checking the
scene lou notices tina's arrival by the
smell of her
perfume i don't wear any oh well you
know your signature scent
if you will and the news of the murder
results in an immediate cancellation of
the drink and shoot event
later lou surprises everyone by doing
some actual police work as the clock
gets close to 10
jess makes an early last call preparing
a private party of sorts for lou
as he consumes she takes out the trash
giving us the vague impression something
is up
lou's brain begins throbbing driving him
to the little boy's room here he
attempts to relieve himself but his flow
turns red
right before his dick fully explodes so
not relieving at all
then his beautiful new body attempts to
claw its way out amidst this some men
arrive with bats but it's too late for
that and his eventual emergence from the
noise and chaos is witnessed by jess
and he wakes up again with no memory
this time he's chained to willy's bed
like
so many officers before him willie shows
him video evidence that he tranq wolf
lou the prior night but lou is
incredulous to prove the point willie
feeds him
eggs riddled with wolf spain which he
can't tolerate willie then warns him to
be careful between now
and the eclipse tina drives him off
while explaining the scene they found at
jessica's bar when they arrived jessica
acts real casual
and thanks lou for saving her from a
robbery then as they secure the brutal
scene lou
offers to cover tina's shift which is
very out of character for him
in a brief cutscene we see the leader of
the local gang of tufts did intend for
their men to capture lou and punishes
the survivor for being late to the
abduction
even though losing an eye won't help him
be on time
lou spends the beginning of his shift at
the library connecting recent events
with prior events from the town's past
and these seem to involve his father to
some degree he then shows willy that he
found the master book of werewolf lore
and explains that they're usually
created from village idiots
individuals who are easy to control a
necessary step since they're so powerful
in the time leading up to an eclipse
during the eclipse the werewolf weakens
and its blood can be harvested for the
benefit of the shapeshifters
now if they can just figure out how the
reverse vampires are involved the
evening air is bristling with excitement
as willie sets up his camera and they
discuss the degree to which lou should
be stripping down for their scientific
endeavor
tina shows up briefly to tell lou that
back in the day their fathers had each
other's backs and she doesn't believe
their deaths were accidental
as the town is bulging with deep dark
secrets then she leaves them to their
guy stuff
as a result willie is the sole
individual to bear witness to the
transformation and he
is taken aback by its beauty after a few
hours lou gets restless
so he excuses himself to take a call for
an ongoing armed robbery they arrive and
discuss
whether it's appropriate for him to
interject in his current condition
you're a wolf
the local pig gang is relieving the
store of its inventory and after finding
his brain of justice to be a fairly
efficient means of handling business
they dipped next door for some helpful
upgrades
luckily wolf powers include an advanced
understanding of welding and auto body
repair all set up to rock out they find
some punks to piss on as they continue
their efforts toward reducing crime in
town
meanwhile tina visits the bar her dad
used to run and without an affinity for
breasts
jessica's demeanor takes on an all new
countenance but their repartee is
interrupted by reports of a giant wolf
driving around town so tina has to head
out as all this unfolds the local
ruffians are getting wild at their
secret barn hideout where the leader
snorts what appears to be crystallized
blood blue picks up the musk of these
shenanigans and busts directly into
their hideout they immediately open fire
but lou's
jacked and he straight up rips a dude's
face off despite this many henchmen
stick around so he tears through them
with ease when a fire breaks out willy
makes a call to an unknown party and
they head back to the station
opting to lay low partially on account
of having ripped someone's face off
elsewhere tina and the chief are trying
to make sense of the robbery witness
statements and find themselves following
a path of destruction through town
back at the station jess is there
playing little red riding hood and
absolutely
loving the feel of lou's rough hair
covered [ __ ] and then we witness what is
probably the most erotic
and tender love scene ever put to
celluloid or maybe it's just me
discovering new things about my own body
just then slips in the traditional
post-coital tranquilizer sending him to
nappy time as she shifts her shape
revealing herself to also be the mayor
now the shapeshifters are in possession
of lou
as the gang leader orders the remaining
men to group up and meet him down the
road
the next morning willie rolls up in his
hearse and we get confirmation they're
all in on the ritual
but unlike prior iterations lou is much
stronger than expected
and willie recommends proceeding with
caution as they leave tina peeps their
activity and fills in the blanks with
the security footage
feeling a little jelly about the love
making session she gears up to go hunt
those suckers down
driving off as the eclipse slides into
place the crowd of hard asses shows up
suited up for anything and we see the
gang leader also doubles as the chief
they wake glue up to reveal themselves
to him and as they prepare the ritual
tina makes her way in
the noises of the men being slaughtered
is very distracting but they keep their
eyes on the goal
sticking loo with an unclean blade so
they can fill their ceremonial chalice
but tina makes it to the circle and
lines up her shot giving lou the chance
to break free and frolic around in the
orange light of the eclipse
tina then squares off with the mayor who
reveals that tina's father was
in fact the prior wolf 32 years prior
and lou squares off with everyone else
eviscerating shooting punching heads off
and so forth his return distracts the
mayor long enough for tina to shoot her
so now it's just the chief hoping to
complete the sacrifice tina manages to
run him through with a rapier but then
he comes in for a bloody hug and
forcibly penetrates her but through the
rejuvenating power of alcohol luke perks
up enough to land a headshot
now that the shapeshifters are all
getting their butts poked by demons in
hell and the eclipse is coming to an end
our unlikely pair head off to enjoy
their recovery time at the hospital
just a quick note that i have a website
set up where you can support the channel
through donations or merch
i'd like to take a moment to give a huge
thanks to my donors memorialized in the
hall of headshots
wolfkop was a fun roller coaster of a
movie that had a really good balance of
humor and gore to keep it from getting
too silly but also allowing it room to
be what it is without taking itself too
seriously
i thought it would be a good start and
what i hope to be a ramp up of the
intensity of my regular releases through
the end of the month if you enjoy the
video i'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching